A website wants your email but you don't want them to spam you


precious personal email



--How Spam Happens--

Lets take for example you want to give your email address to a website and you expect an email from them, usually they'll send you an email back with useful information, sometimes though you'll give out your email address to a website that turns out to be sketchy. They end up sending you lots and lots of spam which makes your computer explode KAPOWWWWWW 

What you can do instead is give your email address to why spam me and we'll give you a disposable email address that you can give out to that potentially sketchy website .com. Then if they start to send you lots and lots of spam you can get rid of that disposable email address and you'll never ever be hassled by them ever again. 

You can even can keep the disposable email addresses from good websites open for as long as you want. So as long as you generate a new disposable email address every time you give out your email, you can get the email you want and block the spam you don't.  And then you'll have a happy computer. Yay!!! 


--Generate Disposable Email--

To generate a disposable email address go to why spam me, enter in your email address and the website name that you think may spam you, such as sketchywebsite.com.  We'll give you a disposable email address that you can give to sketchywebsite.com. Then any emails that they send to your disposable email, we'll forward directly to your personal email address. 

If sketchywebsite.com ever sends you any spam messages then you can log onto why spam me and trash that disposable email address, so they can never ever send you spam again. If you chose, you can report them, and we'll make a public record of which websites are good and which websites send you spam or sell your information. 



-- Spamfire Section--

If you don't want to visit our website every time you give out your email, you can download  spamfire... our firefox plugin. 

To launch click the whyspam icon in the bottom right. Fill out your email address;	 the website address should populate automatically. Then click go, and you just generated a disposable email address that works exactly like if you had made it on why spam  me. 

So remember, to keep your email address a secret from potentially harmful sites generate a new disposable email every time. This way your computer will stay happy, and everyone else can know who spams and who doesn't!!



--
Eternal Jazz Project